Doc'd that PostgreSQL specifies CASCADE when dropping columns. (#18066)
django/django: docs/ref/migration-operations.txt

populate the recreated column. If the field is not nullable and does not have a
default value, the operation is irreversible.

.. admonition:: PostgreSQL

>     ``RemoveField`` specifies the ``CASCADE`` suffix to ensure `dependent
>     objects outside the table are also dropped`_. This will affect any
>     additional database objects created like views, etc.

Reviewer: Hey @shangxiao, thank you for this branch!

Question/comment: when I first read this admonition, I thought the message meant that one could decide whether `CASCADE` is set or not, but after reading docs and seeing code, this is not optional, is a fact. Do you think we could rephrase this to be more explicit about it? What about something like:

```suggestion
    ``RemoveField`` will also delete any additional database objects that are
    related to the field being removed (like views for example). This is
    because the resulting SQL for PostgreSQL will use the ``CASCADE`` modifier
    to ensure `dependent objects outside the table are also dropped`_.
```

Author: > when I first read this admonition, I thought the message meant that one could decide whether CASCADE is set or not

Ah yep when I reread it today I myself saw that I wasn't clear this is something specified in the SQL statement and not a feature users can toggle 🙂

You're rephrasing is good, though I _believe_ "clause" is actually the correct term to use 🤔 (I had "suffix" & you've got "modifier")

Author: We should also clarify "DROP" somewhere like "because the resulting `DROP COLUMN` SQL statement" or something to that effect.

Reviewer: Pushed a version I'm happy with, if you agree, we can land! :star2:

Author: Thanks so much, looks good!
